Add an option to deny packages or groups of packages (#544)
actions/dependency-review-action: docs/examples.md

          comment-summary-in-pr: true
          license-check: false
```

## Exclude dependencies from their name or groups

> Using the `deny-packages` you can exclude dependencies by their full package name. You can add multiple values separated by a comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `deny-packages` option you can exclude dependencies by their PURL. You can add multiple values separated by a commas.
```

> Using the `deny-groups` you can exclude dependencies by their package group name. You can add multiple values separated by a comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `deny-groups` option you can exclude dependencies by their group name/namespace. You can add multiple values separated by a comma.
```
